Feature/angular di infographic (#55)
infinum/frontend-handbook: Angular/Angular guidelines and best practices.md

DI is utilized heavily in Angular, primarily for providing instances of either primitive values or class instances.

> DI is a very complex topic and requires a separate discussion which would be out of the scope of this handbook. But make sure to check out:

Reviewer: I am sure @kristijanbambir will have a suggestion here - it is a bit strange to start a sentence with `But,`.

Reviewer 2: Correct. I propose the following:
```suggestion
DI is a very complex topic and requires a separate discussion which would be out of the scope of this handbook, but make sure you check out the following resources:
```
